### Discuss my understanding of neuroplasticity and growth mindset, and how it influences my learning.

### What is neuroplasticity? Explain using an analogy.

Neuroplasticity is the scientific belief that our brains are not hard-wired at birth (which was the common belief traditionally), but are better understood as a malleable plastic, where they change over time based on numerous factors. Harnessing this malleability, it is possible to make our brains increasingly resilient, and strengthen the connections and bonds within our minds.

Our brains are filled with uncountable neurons, each attached to countless others, creating a web of connectivity within our brains; connections that affect how we perceive and understand the world around us. Through strengthening these connections by practicing, einforcing ideas, and even creating new connections through changing the was in which we think about certain topics/challenges, we are reinforcing existing neural pathways into neural highways, greating increasing the speed and breadth of information able to connect our brains. Similarly, by changing the way we think about things, we are creating new pathways, possibly creating shortcuts, or unlocking different perspectives that we previously may never have considered.

As an analogy, imagine that the way in which we are taught to think in schools and growing up naturally as the age-old roads connecting local towns and villages. Our towns are surrounded by rivers, valleys, and mountains. The age-old roads go around the mountains, follow the valleys, and only cross the rivers at their shallowest points. The way in which we travel from Town A to Town B is set in stone, and takes a fixed time; we see the same sights each time, nothing really changing. However, the more we use the roads, the better they become, the more reinforced they are and the faster we can travel on them. In this way, we can incrementally improve the efficiency of our brains' thinking power.

Harnessing neuroplasticity in this analogical world would be to question why, with all our modern technology, we have to use the hundreds of years old paths. Instead, we tunnel through a mountain, connecting two towns that may have been 2 hours apart originally, but now are 20 minutes apart thanks to our new tunnel pathway. Similarly, creating bridges over deep rivers and investing into more complicated infrastructure, the whole area can become interconnected like never before. Without having to go the old ways, new views are available, changing how we think about each connection in regards to each other.

In conclusion, by being mindful of neuroplasticity, we can open our brains up to change, supercharging our minds for problem solving, now being able to look at each problem in new, out of the box ways. Continuous practice makes all connections stronger; by combining regular practice with mixing tasks together, we can both strengthen existing bonds and nurture new paths within our mind.